ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
Please welcome Peyton.
(cheering)
And the trio is going to be
Chloe, Maddie, and Kendall.
JILL: I don't think
she's replacing Peyton.
She just did.
ABBY: Getting on top of that pyramid
is one thing.
Staying there's another.
If you're in that age category,
I want you to win that age category.
I thought that I was better
than the most of the people for--
ABBY: You thought
you were better than most
of the people in this group?
Oh, that's cocky.
You're gonna kick her off to the curb?
She came in here,
had this snotty little attitude,
and you back her up.
Coming up on Dance Moms...
I was wondering
if I could come back to dance.
It's just not that easy.
I don't want small parts.
I want big parts for my kid.
We're off probation.
Oh, get in line, girlfriend.
Get in line.
JILL: When can Kendall have a solo?
When can Kendall be more?
You need to tell your mother
to knock it off.
She's going to get you in trouble.
This is about Chloe always being second.
Chloe is not second.
You better not say that again.
I cannot stand this bickering.
If I have to lose somebody on this team
to make it a cohesive group,
I will do that.
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪Get up♪
♪Get on the floor ♪
♪My world is with my girls ♪
♪Living on the dance floor ♪
(soft music playing)
BROOKE: Goodbye.
KELLY: Bye.
BROOKE: I invited Miss Abby
to come out with me so I can tell her
that I want to come back to dance.
Cheerleading just wasn't my thing.
Abby was really upset.
I don't know
if she's going to take me back.
But I hope she does.
So.
Um...
I tried cheerleading.
And I was wondering
if I could come back to dance.
It's just not that easy, Brooke.
You stab everybody in the back.
You slap me in the face.
She should have opened her mouth and said,
let somebody else be
at the top of the pyramid.
She's screwing me.
I can feel it.
I just wanted to try it out
to make sure dance is what I wanted to do.
What my problem with that
was that you didn't speak up
and say something ahead of time.
And I mean, you
just didn't show up.
You let a lot of people down.
You let me down.
I'm very torn about this decision.
She let the team down.
She has lost trust.
And Brooke broke my heart.
My biggest disappointment I think, too,
would be that you just
didn't want to dance.
You have a God-given talent.
Don't throw it away, honey.
Brooke was born to dance.
And I have invested my time
and my energy into this kid.
For it to go unnoticed and just disappear,
I'm not going to let that happen.
I think you have a lot
to offer to the team.
You're going to have
to really prove yourself.
BROOKE: Abby finally said
she would be glad to have me back
in the Abby Lee Dance Company.
I was very happy.
And I'm never going to let her down again.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Girls, come on.
Let's go.
Moms, in here.
At this time, I would like
to officially welcome Kendall.
You're a member
of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Here you go.
(applause)
ABBY: I took Kendall off probation.
She proved herself in the group.
She proved herself in the trio.
But you always have to keep
proving yourself with me.
It's not a matter of
here's your jacket, kid,
you're in for the rest of your life.
No way.
Now, listen to me.
This doesn't mean
it's smooth sailing from here on out.
It means you really have to work hard.
LESLIE: I'm not worried that Kendall
is off probation
because I'm just very confident in Peyton,
that she's going to really pull through
and she's going to show Abby
that she's a good dancer
and that she's a great performer.
ABBY: When you're wearing that jacket,
she can't be all hunched over
and slouching.
So if you see that, Mom,
you take a thumbtack
and you stick it
right between her shoulder blades.
CHRISTI: Apparently the greatest thing
that's ever happened in Jill's life
is that Kendall is off probation
because she was just grins
from ear-to-ear.
She was like the Cheshire cat.
We are going to Starbound Competition
in Long Island, New York.
And I'll tell you what,
they are ready for us.
They want to beat
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
And they are serious.
They're like sharks in the water.
They can taste the blood.
MACKENZIE: I'm not nervous
because I know I can be as good as them.
All right, now...
Mackenzie, you did well
with your solo the last time.
You need to do even better this time.
Nia, chosen for a special part.
Your mom didn't want you to do it.
Not a lot to say.
Next, Paige.
You didn't do a solo.
You didn't do a duet or trio.
So there wasn't a lot to judge you on.
Kendall, you're off probation.
You're a member of the team.
However, we need to fix the feet,
the turn out, the back of the knees.
You still have a lot of work
ahead of you, honey.
Moving on, Maddie.
Did a great job, won your category,
won the overall high score.
But I have to keep challenging you.
I know Maddie is a little disappointed
with her spot on the pyramid.
But I have to keep my thumb on that kid.
She needs to work harder
because it's not always
going to be this easy.
And next, I have Chloe.
(tense music playing)
ABBY: We're going to give them
what they want.
KELLY: When Abby revealed
the center row of the pyramid
and it was Chloe and Maddie,
I was shocked.
I didn't think Peyton
performed well enough to be
at the top of the pyramid.
Chloe, when you walk backstage
into those wings,
you have to walk in there with arrogance
and your nose up in the air
just like you walk in this studio
every day.
Those other girls should be afraid of you
just because you're Chloe
and you're from
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
And on top of the pyramid...
(tense music playing)
GIRL: Oh!
ABBY: ...is Brooke.
(tense music playing)
(screaming)
CHRISTI: Abby unveils
the top of the pyramid,
and I thought,
you get them, sister,
because you left, and you went,
and you tried out for cheerleading,
and you still made it
to the top of the pyramid.
(dramatic music playing)
JILL: No offense to Peyton.
But she towers over this dance team.
She doesn't fit in with these girls.
Now, my little Kendall
fits right in perfectly.
ABBY: I know you all are wondering
how could she be on top of the pyramid.
Not only is she going to do
a solo this week
and not only should she win,
I demand that you win.
Peyton, we all know
everyone is replaceable.
You were not the right replacement
for this group.
You had a great experience.
You saw the gateway to the West.
You cannot be upset.
She has a right to be upset, Abby.
You dangled a carrot in front of her.
And you just ripped it away.
For what?
For her daughter to just come in
and take a spot as a stranger.
And for Brooke to leave,
and you take her back.
Where is your loyalty?
We have been so loyal to you.
-Loyalty?
-Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Yes, loyalty, Kelly.
We have been loyal to her
for 30 something years.
WOMAN: Leslie, we've been over this.
She left for one week.
She said she doesn't want to dance.
You left the studio a long time ago.
How dare you!
Our history--
Don't how dare me.
Peyton got to go St. Louis.
She got to be in the competition.
Peyton was on probation.
If you can't say anything nice,
don't say anything at all.
So you are still on probation.
It was not about
being on the team forever.
Somehow, her mother got that
all twisted in her mind.
You know what, Abby?
If you don't want her,
we will find somebody that wants her
to compete on their team.
Peyton, let's go.
You can keep your Kendall.
And you can keep the rest of your group.
ABBY: Sometimes, you get it.
Sometimes, you don't.
End of story.
Brooke, you have the solo
that you must win.
Mackenzie, you have a solo.
The group number, high energy.
Everybody, join us.
Everybody on your feet.
Everybody dancing.
WOMAN: You have to be in this window.
Do it again.
I want to see perfect jetes.
Walk, walk, jete.
Duh, duh, duh.
Up.
ABBY: This week's group number
is called Avalanche.
You know, let's just say
it's about the whole world
of cheerleading tumbling down.
Go one, two, three.
You're at four, five.
JILL: And I can't believe Leslie thought
Peyton was going to be at the top.
-WOMAN: How about--
-WOMAN: I felt bad for Peyton.
JILL: Are you kidding me?
Why would you feel bad for her?
-Because she's a kid.
-WOMAN: They got a great opportunity.
She's not a baby.
Listen, my kid was in there.
She's eight years old.
She was on probation.
She had to earn her spot.
Apparently,
when Jill got off of probation,
it was really her mouth
that got off of probation.
KELLY: I am so happy that Brooke is back.
I am, too.
-That poor girl.
-Yeah, how about that?
And she has to win, or she's done.
I know.
I think Abby is being
very tough on Brooke.
I mean, she puts her
to the top of the pyramid
and says that she has to win.
Brooke hasn't danced in two weeks.
She has four days to learn her dance.
I mean, how much more pressure
can you put on the kid?
There is no way Brooke--
sorry, should have been
on top of that pyramid.
There is no way.
CHRISTI: You just want to be
at the top, Jill.
Now that Kendall is off probation,
I'm not going to hold back
my thoughts anymore.
Personally, I think Maddie
should have been on top
because she won.
Maddie also won
because Abby spent all of her time
rehearsing her number.
She didn't rehearse the group number.
She didn't rehearse the trio.
The only thing she cared about
was Maddie's solo.
Sorry, Melissa, it's the truth.
I'm calling a spade a spade.
KELLY: I have to say
that I'm glad the trio didn't win.
She's got a point.
I knew that was coming.
I have to say,
I'm very happy that that trio didn't win.
JILL: The trio really
didn't work well together.
And if they had just one more week,
I guarantee it would win
the next time out.
Kendall can do everything
that those girls are doing.
I'm disappointed that Kendall
does not have a special part.
Go.
(upbeat music playing)
WOMAN: Maddie, you do it wrong.
There's a hierarchy.
There's a top of the pyramid.
There's a bottom.
There are different levels of dancers.
-Oh, yeah.
-You know that.
-Yeah, well, look at Mackenzie.
-JILL: Holly, you know that.
If you're trying to get me
to say that my child is weak,
I'm not going to say that.
Jill has a tendency to say snide remarks
about certain student.
Usually, it's Nia.
It is very evident to me that she sees Nia
as a--as the weak link,
that she does not think
she's a particularly strong dancer.
And I don't care what Jill says.
It doesn't matter what you say up here.
What matters is what happens on stage.
Absolutely, I agree with you 100%.
Put your money where your mouth is.
I have no problem with that.
KELLY: Oh, put your money
where your mouth is, what's that mean?
You're going to buy her a big present?
JILL: No, this isn't about presents.
I think what she meant is--
Bring it.
I meant bring it.
Kendall can do--
Bring it.
-Bring your present on.
-I'm still not buying her a present.
-My kid will get there on her own.
-JILL: She will bring it.
I think the real Jill is coming out.
And now that she's off her probation,
we all better watch out.
(tense music playing)
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Can I see what we have?
-Yeah.
-Let's get through it.
ABBY: This week,
Brooke has another acrobatic solo.
The title is Starry Night.
(sing songy)
Dun, dun, dun, stick.
Dun, dun, dun, dun,
dun, dun, dun, dun.
ABBY: It's kind of a space age theme.
She portrays an alien from another planet,
kind of like her mother.
All right, can we try that?
Cabriole, step, flick, flick.
Run, run, push, push.
It's imperative
that Brooke do well this week.
She is on top of that pyramid.
She's the oldest member of the group.
She is the role model.
And she came back with two weeks off.
Push. Push. Good.
Does she have what it takes?
That's up to her.
You're gonna do tuck Arabian,
pike Arabian,
pike split Arabian walk over,
face the back pike straddle Arabian.
MACKENZIE: My solo this week is called
The Party Starts Right Now.
My dance this week is acro.
I'm good at acro.
Tuck--ew!
Sickled feet!
I hate when kids sickle their feet.
That is a big no-no.
Look, you have to make it big.
Go.
Look, look.
Chest up.
(quirky music playing)
ABBY: Mackenzie is always there
at the studio.
She works hard.
But I want Mackenzie to be
where Maddie was at seven.
10 seca and chaine and sit and golly gee.
You've come a long way.
You just learned a dance in 30 minutes.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Leg out and kneel up.
One, two, three, four.
This week's group routine
started out as kind of a play
on cheerleading.
It's fun. It's artistic. It's hot.
Walk, strut, strut.
Walk, walk, strut, strut.
KELLY: In the group number this week,
Paige has a special part.
She's the only one on stage
when the music starts.
And Paige is just totally thrilled
to have a special part.
JILL: Did Kendall do her solo yet?
It's not big.
It's like a small part.
JILL: Well, I don't want small parts.
I want big parts for my kid.
-We're off probation.
-Oh, get in line, girlfriend.
Get in line.
Jill was complaining
because Paige had a special part
and Kendall didn't.
Wait in line because my daughter
never has a special part.
You've got to work your way up
from a background dancer.
JILL: I thought--
I thought I did.
Are you kidding me?
That's all I have to look forward to
is watching my kid in the back...
(overlapping chatter)
...while Maddie and Chloe
are in the front doing their thing.
Kendall can do everything
that those girls are doing.
And I think they're thinking,
well, if Kendall gets it,
then that means one of their kids won't.
And it's starting to bother me.
WOMAN: You've had more than one solo.
-WOMAN: Abby always says this--
-WOMAN: And you've had a trio.
Every kid should have something special
to feel good about.
Well, I think that we should just
not watch anymore
because it's really annoying
listening to everybody bitch.
You know what?
That's my--that my joy.
-I know you like it.
-This is my hobby, watching my kids.
-I know. I don't like to watch.
-JILL: It's what I do.
I would never not want to watch.
I'd rather be shopping.
I definitely like Jill.
I don't want her to be a doormat
as everyone says I am.
So I'm glad that she's speaking her mind.
JILL: I've got to secure a place
for Kendall.
I can't stand to watch her in the back
again and again and again.
Kendall is off probation.
I'm ready to fight
for what my child deserves.
Your backs have to be even
on the floor, right?
Like, as much weight on top--
-JILL: Do you have a minute?
-WOMAN: Uh-huh.
-Is the group done?
-Yes, the group's finished.
JILL: Chloe has a special part.
Maddie has a special part.
Paige has a special part.
Can I ask why Kendall
doesn't have anything?
I thought she was taken off probation.
I just did every other person.
JILL: I would really appreciate
if you could--something--
Maybe not tonight, but I know
we have rehearsal again tomorrow.
See what you can do.
I know you're busy.
Okay, thank you.
ABBY: What was that mother saying to you?
Asked me why Kendall didn't have
a special part in the dance this week.
-She did not.
-She did.
ABBY: I hope Jill doesn't
become a problem.
Maybe she didn't understand
that it's inappropriate
to question a choreographer.
I--I really, really hope that my daughter
and her daughter
didn't hear you talking about them
to their teacher.
I wasn't talking about them.
Jill thinks that Kendall
is the greatest dancer since Anna Pavlova.
And that might have been true
in her old studio.
But you just walked into a studio
that has a lot of talent.
These kids don't mess around.
(upbeat music playing)
WOMAN: Holly, pick a glass
and let me pour you a glass of wine.
KELLY: I thought it was a good idea
to have everybody come to my house
and have a party to welcome Brooke
back into the group.
Hi!
Well, the party is about to start.
JILL: Hello!
CHRISTI: When Jill and Melissa
walked in the door,
the atmosphere went from like
buh, buh, buh to wah, wah, wah.
Here's to the pyramid.
Cheers.
-Oh, God.
-Look, I'm the queen.
WOMAN: What was your conversation
with Gianna tonight?
I said, how come every kid in there
except Nia and Kendall
had a special part?
I just want to clarify, Jill,
that when you come in
and you're new,
then you obviously start at the bottom.
And so you need to work your way up.
Well, do you think I looked bad asking?
-HOLLY: I do.
-JILL: Really?
-I do.
-Asking for something that I'm paying for?
Asking for something
that every other kid in there had?
But you have any long history.
I wanted to get more
with your--for your child.
There's a long history there, Jill,
that you have no--
I don't want to have to do something nice.
HOLLY: I think Jill's gift giving
is a bit ridiculous.
Work hard the old-fashioned way.
Don't try to bribe your way
up the pyramid ladder.
JILL: Well, let me ask you this, Christi.
Would you do it if Abby asked you?
-No.
-If it got you privates...
-...you want privates so badly.
No.
You wouldn't--you wouldn't run tuition?
-CHRISTI: Nope.
-Or whatever.
You know what?
I wouldn't because Abby has asked me to--
-Well, I would. I would.
-CHRISTI: Then you know what, Jill?
You're just like her.
(tense music playing)
KELLY: I think that Jill and Melissa
are two peas in a pod.
I think they both
are after the same thing.
They're going to kiss Abby's ass
until their daughters get ahead.
But it's not me. It's Abby.
You need to talk to Abby about everything.
CHRISTI: Melissa works
at the front desk for free
so that she can have free privates
and free dance lessons.
She plays a certain game.
And we don't play that game.
Abby doesn't do anything, Melissa.
We know that.
She sits there and goes, Melissa, do it.
She's the one that's schedules it.
When people want a private,
I forward it to her.
No.
Melissa is Abby's friend.
And there is the root of all the tension
among the Dance Moms.
I just think everyone
should be treated fairly.
Exactly.
It's blatant why your daughter
gets everything
because you do everything in your power
to get Maddie ahead.
-No, I don't.
-CHRISTI: Yes, you do, Melissa.
I don't think you should have
to defend yourself...
-I don't.
-...for something Abby gives your kids.
I don't think it's Melissa's fault
that Abby likes her kids the best.
Let's face it, she does.
So her kids get the privates.
You make sure that nobody else
has a chance
because of all the things you do.
Oh, please.
That is such (bleep).
That's why I didn't want to come.
-So I'm leaving.
-CHRISTI: Go ahead.
We knew you would leave
because you deflect everything.
I don't argue because I'm not like you.
CHRISTI: No, you're not, Melissa.
And I'm not like you, thank God.
JILL: I can't believe that Kelly
is allowing this to happen.
Is this how you throw a party?
Get out.
Come on, baby.
JILL: Why do you have to get
so personal about it?
And I believe that if any one of you
did what Melissa did
and got the privates that she gets
and had your child up top all the time,
you would feel the same way she does.
But we're not willing to do it.
We're not willing to sell our soul
to the devil
-to get the top of the pyramid.
-JILL: Then that's your decision.
CHRISTI: Jill is really turning this group
upside down.
And she thinks she can come in here
and tell us how to be.
Guess what?
You can't do that.
-Hey, new girl...
-I gotta go.
-...see yourself out.
-I got to go.
-Thank you, Kelly, for your hospitality.
-You're welcome.
It's amazing how things have changed
once you're off probation.
(tense music playing)
(soft music playing)
-WOMAN: Hi, friend.
-WOMAN: Hi, honey.
MELISSA: Retail therapy
is the best therapy there is.
I love to shop.
And so does Jill.
And I think we both wanted
to vent a little bit.
So we thought going to a new little store
would be fun.
So are you good from last night?
I was really, really upset.
I was, too.
You know, I ended up storming out, too.
She's just rude.
It upsets me because we were
supposed to have some fun.
And they had attacked me
because they're jealous
of my nine-year-old daughter.
And I think it's ridiculous.
Christi screams at me all the time.
And you know what I do.
I just sit there.
Christi and Kelly gang up on her
because Melissa lets them.
I'm not going to let them gang up on me.
Jealous much?
I think it's obvious.
I know she will do what it takes
to get her kids to the top.
But at this point,
I have no reason not to trust Melissa.
-You're coming this weekend, aren't you?
-Absolutely.
-All right.
-I'm not--they're not keeping me away.
JILL: Don't you ever let them...
-MELISSA: Heck, no.
-...push you out.
-I don't love that.
-MELISSA: Okay.
I definitely like Jill.
She is so much like me.
And we definitely help each other.
So I think it's going to be
a real long friendship here.
-All right.
-Okay, I'll see you later.
Bye.
SINGER: ♪The party starts right now♪
♪ Talked to my girls ♪
♪ They said they're all down ♪
MACKENZIE: I wish I could be
in the group dance.
But I really like my solo a lot.
SINGER: ♪The party starts right now♪
♪The party starts right now ♪
ABBY: Higher! Up!
SINGER: ♪The party starts right now ♪
♪The party starts right now ♪
(applause)
ABBY: As a dance instructor,
we have moments in our lives
that make everything else make sense.
When she nailed that routine,
I just had a moment where
this is why I do what I do.
You made me cry.
MACKENZIE: I made Abby cry
because I did my dance really good.
Not too many people
make me cry when they dance.
It was good.
Go get a drink.
She's not a little girl anymore.
She's not a baby.
She is now a dancer.
I just had a moment where
this is why I do what I do.
Good, good, good, good.
WOMAN: Next.
ABBY: Brooke, let's go, babe.
(tense music playing)
ABBY: Come on, Brooke.
Take two weeks off,
and you lost all that flexibility.
I'm glad Brooke is back.
But I'm not going to let
that kid off so easy.
Coming out of that, and you're choking.
You have no idea what you're doing.
Foot, top foot, don't sickle it.
You can't be that sloppy
in that land, step up.
Yes.
BROOKE: I have a lot of pressure on me
this week with my solo.
I mean, I want to be a role model.
But I kind of just want to be me
and just do my thing and dance.
Brooke, I'm telling you what,
I brought you back into this group.
You should know this dance.
And now, I'm making changes for you
because you're running out of steam.
This is called me using you.
You're going to go there.
And you're going to win.
And you're going to make everybody else
in that acro category go, ah!
That's what I want to see.
Understood?
Is she still an important member
of this team?
That's up to her performance
on stage at Starbound.
(upbeat music playing)
And that's contemporary, right?
So I want this not to be contemporary
in the choreography.
-Hi.
-Can I interrupt you?
I have a surprise for both of you.
-For us?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-I know you've been working really hard.
-Yes.
-And I want you to know that
I appreciate your hard work.
I have a surprise...
-Well, we were just in the middle--
-JILL: ...in studio C.
ABBY: Oh, it's a surprise?
JILL: It is a surprise.
ABBY: Whoa!
JILL: You guys are getting
personal massages.
-ABBY: Thank you so much.
-You're welcome, Abby.
No one has ever done anything like this
my whole entire life.
I'm going to do my best to make sure
that Abby gets taken care of.
(upbeat music playing)
-No other mom has done this for us.
-Never.
Kendall actually came up
with the idea.
-I swear to God.
-ABBY: Oh, really?
Gianna, you put that Kendall
right in the front.
Perfect.
Ow.
Jill is very congenial.
She's given me very nice gifts.
She's doing all the right things.
She's playing the game.
But it doesn't make her kid
a better dancer.
This is something we could do
on a regular basis
if you were game for it.
-Sure.
-And you know, I hope in return,
that I am expecting good things
for Kendall.
-ABBY: Absolutely.
-What is going on?
Like, why is the studio so empty?
HOLLY: Where is Melissa and Jill?
Hi.
-What, were you having a private?
-No, I wish.
I just came through.
-She's guilty.
-It doesn't pertain to you guys.
If it's nothing, tell us.
Just tell us if it was nothing.
Oh.
Abby is a really big advocate
for, you know, pay me off, give me a gift.
But this is taking gifting
to a whole new level.
HOLLY: That doesn't look like nothing.
And that poor masseuse. Ew.
MAN: How's that pressure, Abby?
-ABBY: Fine.
-MAN: Good.
-Did you do that?
-Well, you know what?
You guys, it really wasn't
really your business.
Yes, I did something nice
for Abby and Gianna.
Jill is trying to buy
her way up the pyramid.
And she's trying to buy
Abby's friendship instead of...
you are the new person on the team,
pay your dues.
Holly, this bothers you
because you've been an absentee mom.
(gasps) Let's face it.
Let's face it.
That is what it is. That is...
HOLLY: And I do not need Jill
to reprimand me
about my attendance.
I'm a grown woman.
And I do what I need to do
for my children.
I don't need to cheat to get
ahead like some people, Jill.
That's cheating?
-Yes, that's cheating.
-Are you kidding?
I know crazy Dance Moms, you know.
And like, we're here.
You know, Melissa's here.
And Jill's, like, a whole 'nother level.
You're acting like
little bitchy school girls.
If I came up with the idea,
-I would never do it.
-I can't even believe it.
-I'd never do it.
-Oh, my god.
Pot calling the kettle
black, bitchy school girl.
KELLY: I think when Jill first came
to our studio,
she was taking meds.
And I think she ran out.
You are buying Abby
and Gianna right now.
If you guys are okay
with being second or last,
that's your choice.
You're mad about Chloe
always being second.
Chloe is not second.
You better not say that again.
What--where is Chloe?
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: We're going to Starbound
in Long Island, New York.
So there's going to be some
tough competitors here.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY:
Why are we going this way?
Are we getting on the turnpike?
If you're getting on the turnpike,
you're going the wrong way.
DRIVER:
That's what she's telling me to do.
-Who is?
-DRIVER: The GPS.
ABBY: The GPS isn't paying you.
Where are you going?
So this poor guy is just doing his job.
And all of a sudden,
he sees this black cloud coming at him.
I am Abby Lee Miller.
When I ride on a bus somewhere,
you listen to me,
not the lady on the GPS,
but the lady behind you in your ear.
-Oh, I should have listened to you then.
-There you go.
I absolutely, positively,
without a doubt,
would do a better job driving this bus
to Long Island, New York.
Here we go.
Brooke, you want to grab that bag?
Paige, grab your book bag.
ABBY: Come on, guys.
CHRISTI: We arrive at Starbound.
And we're their national champions.
Good to see you.
So when we come,
we better be on our A game.
JILL: She's good. Abby,
she's going to stretch even though
she doesn't have a solo
or much to do this week.
She's--she's part of the team.
So we came.
What?
JILL: Well, I mean,
you made her part of the team
even though she doesn't
have much going on.
You're busy with everybody else.
I'd still...
-ABBY: Well--
-...like her to have...
-Yeah.
-...to feel a part of something.
I'm going to do what I need to do
to make sure that Abby knows
exactly what Kendall can bring
to this group of dancers.
-I'm just trying to help...
-Even though you're off probation...
-...my daughter.
-...you're the new man on the totem pole.
It's the Abby Lee Dance Company.
If you don't like it, right.
This is me trying to work my way up.
-ABBY: Right.
-I will do what you tell me.
But I'm asking you,
when can Kendall have a solo?
When can Kendall be more a part
of what everybody else gets a part of?
You need to tell your mother
to knock it off.
She's going to get you in trouble.
I hope that she doesn't think
Kendall being off probation
is a free for all
for her to give her opinions.
When are you going to do
Kendall's head piece
and worry about her costume?
You're all worried about theirs.
Let her dance.
KELLY: Brooke is one dance
after Mackenzie.
She has not run her dance with her.
She didn't help her with the head piece.
She didn't look at her hair.
JILL: You know what, Kelly?
Be happy your child has a solo.
-She didn't even come...
-Shut up.
This kid doesn't have a solo,
the same as yours.
-You did not just tell me to shut up.
-Yes.
I don't appreciate Kelly
telling me to shut up.
You don't tell anybody to shut up.
She has a solo.
I got nothing.
Okay, well, last week,
should I have complained because yours
-had a solo and neither one of mine did?
-JILL: You did complain.
I'm so tired of Jill stepping in
where she doesn't belong.
It's like she never stops talking.
-Brooke was not here.
-Enough, stop.
She came back. She got a solo.
She's at the top.
Be happy with that.
There's no making her happy.
She doesn't want to win.
-WOMAN: We're used to being at the bottom.
-She doesn't want to be on the top.
I need Mackenzie and Brooke
to come with me.
-BOTH: Okay.
-Now.
MACKENZIE: I'm looking forward
to the competition this week.
I think I'm going to do really well.
ANNOUNCER:
Judges, up next, acro.
Get the Party Started Right Now.
ABBY: I'm comparing Mackenzie
to Maddie at her age.
Melissa is like,
they're completely different.
Well, not in my eyes.
They're sisters. Come on.
Step it up.
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪ Talked to my girls ♪
♪ They said they're all down ♪
♪ Don't need to call the boys
because they'll come around ♪
♪ Oh, I wanna have a good time ♪
♪ Why is this town so dead tonight ♪
♪ I'm over all the drama ♪
♪ Let's go have some fun ♪
♪ The party starts right now ♪
MELISSA: Mackenzie is seven.
And before, she just did it for fun.
And now, I think she wants
to really be good.
SINGER: ♪ The party starts right now ♪
♪ The party starts right now ♪
-(applause)
-Oh, she did so good.
ABBY: I thought Mackenzie
did a great job in her solo.
I thought she was exciting.
She was fun to watch.
I think she's going to win.
(upbeat music playing)
BROOKE: I have a lot of pressure on me
this week with my solo.
And I'm kind of nervous.
But I'm going to give it my all.
ANNOUNCER:
Number 322, Starry Night.
ABBY:
She needs to prove herself to me,
to the rest of the team,
that she is 110% back on board
and wants to win.
(dramatic music playing)
(cheers and applause)
ABBY: I'm glad I took her back.
Was this her best performance? No.
We love coming here
because the talent
is always amazing.
(applause)
Junior petite in second place.
Come on up, number 229,
My boyfriend's Back, Cassidy.
(applause)
ANNOUNCER:
Come on up, top junior petite, 323,
The Party Starts Right Now.
(cheers and applause)
Who choreographed this for you?
Abby Lee Miller.
Bravo. Thank you for doing
a great job today.
Let's give it up for Mackenzie.
MACKENZIE: I felt great when they said
that the winner is me.
I think I'm going to win a lot
of competitions like Maddie.
-Woo hoo!
-Yea, baby.
ABBY: Mackenzie made me
very proud today.
I definitely think that
she has jumped a big hurdle
and is going to follow
in Maddie's footsteps.
ANNOUNCER:
Our top 10 teen soloists.
287 is the score for fourth place.
It goes out to number 1017.
And that is Jenna.
Third place goes out to 322,
Starry Night.
That is Brooke, Abby Lee Dance Company.
Come on up here.
KELLY:
Abby said that Brooke had to win.
And if Abby is not happy with it,
then you know what?
Replace her.
Give it up, our third place teen dancer.
I ended up getting third place
with my solo instead of first.
And I was really nervous
that Abby was going to yell at me
and tell me that I wasn't good enough
for the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Woo!
Congratulations.
Brooke, I think you did well
considering that you danced two hours
before the rest of those girls.
Brooke rises to the occasion.
When she knows she has to beat somebody,
she dances better.
I really think she could have won
the whole thing
if she would have given 100%.
Girls, close your midsections,
tuck your derriere under.
You keep using your legs to jump
instead of your core, your center.
Understood?
Yes.
ABBY: The solos are over.
Now, it's time for the group number.
We have an hour to go.
And I am not sure that
they all know what they're doing.
I'm actually going to borrow
some lipstick.
So Jill, if you would feel better
if I borrow it from you, I will.
Would you like me to put it on you?
ABBY: I would love it.
(indistinct chatter)
-Featured part of next week's dance.
-Maybe.
If gifts don't work,
maybe helping will.
So now, Jill is going to be
Abby's official makeup fixer.
And it's going to be like
putting lipstick on a pig.
Do I need anything else,
a little powder up here?
JILL: Mm-hmm.
-CHRISTI: Now, who's kissing whose butt?
-I would buy makeup from you.
(laughs)
JILL: I watched Christi roll her eyes
again and again at me.
But I'm not sitting quietly anymore.
And if it bothers Christi,
let her eyes roll out of her head.
I'm doing what I need to do
for my child.
Is it a full moon?
What's going on?
(sighs)
-ABBY: Do this.
-All these weird things are happening.
ABBY: Just once.
You mean like the other night
when you--
when you badgered Melissa
right out of the house
and then kicked me out of Kelly's house?
I didn't badger anybody.
I was just speaking the truth.
I did not badger anybody.
And you know what?
It wasn't just me. It was...
-JILL: You know what? Can I tell you...
-Can I just speak?
Everybody, stop. Christi's talking.
Be quiet, Christi, shut up.
How do you like--
how does that feel?
Jill, you don't let anybody speak
because you never shut your mouth.
Jill needs to learn
that she's new on this team.
And if she's going to make it,
she better shh.
ABBY: Hey, babe.
Hey, we're going to rehearse
in the hallway, guys.
-There's a good space out there.
-Good. Thank you.
Come on, guys.
I don't know what's going on
in this room.
I'm glad the girls left
because I'll tell you what,
some of the language and the yelling,
they get upset.
They get worked up.
And as much as you guys think
that you're an advocate for your kids,
you're sticking up for them,
they don't want to see their mother
and their teacher fight.
I agree.
All right, so whatever's going on
in this room, fix it.
I'm going backstage.
Say your prayers.
(dramatic music playing)
(upbeat music playing)
You are going on in 20 minutes.
Some of these numbers,
these kids have been working on
since the middle of August.
I talked to their teachers.
You've had this dance for four days.
The group didn't win last week
in the overall high scores.
And I know they want to be first.
You guys are the national champions.
There were all these complaints,
and somebody didn't have a special part,
and blah, blah, blah.
This is about the group.
It's a team.
And when you're in a Broadway show,
it doesn't matter if your part is this big
or if you have one line,
and when you step out on that stage,
you own it.
Understood?
Let's do it.
MADDIE: This week, we're doing a dance
called Avalanche.
And it's like jazzy and ganky.
And I think that all of us
are really good at that.
I'm really happy Brooke is back.
And I think we'll do what we do best
and that is win.
Girls, we're next.
(applause)
ANNOUNCER:
This is number 320, Avalanche.
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ You send me a text ♪
♪ And you call my phone ♪
♪ And every time,
you got to say good bye ♪
♪ You always tell me
I should come alone ♪
♪ And then you keep me in disguise ♪
♪ Your love is oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Your love is, your love is ♪
CHRISTI: I don't know
if I quite got the group number
because they came out
and they were sassy.
Then they're choking themselves.
Did I miss the memo?
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪ I cannot breathe ♪
♪ My thoughts are closing ♪
♪ In your avalanche ♪
♪ I cannot move when you hold me ♪
♪ I want to scream but no one hears me ♪
(applause)
ABBY: They did a very nice job.
They could always have more energy,
more attack, more enthusiasm.
(upbeat music playing)
ANNOUNCER:
Top Junior groups, are you ready?
Here we go.
Third place today, Car Wash
(indistinct)
PAIGE: I think I did really good
in the group number
because I did everything
the best I could.
And I didn't really mess anything up.
And I think we might win.
ANNOUNCER: Top two.
Both of these groups
are 290 or above.
And it's not easy
to get a score of 290.
In second place today
with a score of 290
is going out to 320, Avalanche,
Abby Lee Dance Company.
-Come on up, ladies.
-(applause)
ABBY: The group didn't win.
Hey, we were in Long Island,
New York.
Those kids have soul
and the heart for dance.
Some of my kids do.
And some of my kids don't.
And they better get it real quick.
Congratulations,
a great score today.
-Fantastic job.
-(applause)
Woo!
Good job! Good job.
Good job.
You guys should be proud.
WOMAN:
Hey, Abby, what did you think?
ABBY: This is two weeks in a row
that we didn't win.
Second is the first one to lose.
You're the biggest loser on that stage.
And that's not going to happen
to the Abby Lee Dance Company.
You just need to be better dancers.
You need to out dance everybody.
HOLLY:
Coming in second is not losing.
They did their best.
And their best just wasn't
good enough this day.
I don't know.
What did you all think?
JILL: They did it really good.
And their really good
wasn't good enough to win.
And that's kind of depressing.
Next week, you either win big
or lose big.
But don't be second.
Now that I have the kids out of here,
I just want to make sure
when I left earlier,
I had said something about the vibe
being off in here.
HOLLY:
There's a tension in the room.
Something's out of sync.
And I suspect I know what it is.
We're not connected.
And we're not cohesive.
And that strain is becoming
very apparent to everybody.
Jill, you're not on probation anymore.
I understand that.
But earlier, it was on and on and on
about how come
your kid's not doing something special.
Abby Lee Miller
was not put on this earth
to make your kid feel special.
Understood?
It's about getting these kids
to where they need to be.
Jill doesn't know it.
But she just put herself on probation.
If she opens her mouth one more time
and starts bitching about something,
she is going to be walking
right out that door,
never to be seen or heard of again.
I cannot stand this bickering.
If I have to lose somebody
on this team
to make it a cohesive group,
I will do that.
Do you understand?
Yes?
JILL: I left a great studio.
I was perfectly happy where I was.
I've done nothing
but try to get along.
And they've done nothing
but beat me down.
I'm sick of it.
-I'm here to take care of Kendall.
-CHRISTI: That's fine, Jill, but...
-You guys have all this history with Abby.
-We do have a lot of history.
JILL: You and her
are the first to tell me that.
And we are a very cohesive team.
-And we have been.
-Well, you know what?
Maybe I don't fit in the team then.
You can't for one second say,
I understand.
It must be hard to come in with--
with four really strong personalities
and Abby.
You know, no one gave me
or Kendall any credit
for wanting to be a part of this team.
And all you do
is come down on me nonstop
about anything I try to do
to get Kendall
more a part of the team
and be a part of it.
So maybe we're not a part of the team.
They pushed me out of that door.
But I'm not leaving.
I'm coming back with my guns drawn.
They're not going
to shove me out anymore.
(tense music playing)